ChartDirector Version 5.0.3
Copyright (C) 2010 Advanced Software Engineering Limited
All Rights Reserved

************************* What is this file **************************

This is the common README.TXT file for all editions of ChartDirector 
Ver 5.0.2 (ASP/COM/VB, .NET, Java, PHP, Perl, Python, Ruby, 
ColdFusion, C++) and for all operating systems that ChartDirector 
supports. It describes how to get started with ChartDirector. More 
specific information can be found in the documentation that comes with
your ChartDirector edition.

************************* Other Information **************************

For license information, please refer to LICENSE.TXT.

For upgrade information, please refer to the release notes at 
http://www.advsofteng.com/release50.html.

For ordering and pricing information, please refer to 
http://www.advsofteng.com/purchase.html.

*************************** Documentation ****************************

ChartDirector includes comprehensive documentation and plenty of 
sample codes and projects. 

The ChartDirector documentation can be found in the "doc" subdirectory 
under the directory where you install ChartDirector. For ChartDirector 
for ASP/COM/VB and .NET, the installer will also create a short cut in
Start/Programs/ChartDirector for easy access to the documentation.

ChartDirector documentation is available in CHM (Compiled Help File) 
and HTML formats. The ChartDirector distributions only includes one of
the formats (CHM on Windows, HTML on Linux/FreeBSD/Solaris/Mac OS X). 
If you need the other format, you may download from:

    http://www.advsofteng.com/download.html.

In general, the CHM version is easier to use because of the better 
indexing and search facilities of the CHM viewer.
    
************************** Getting Started ***************************

After extracting or installing ChartDirector in your computer, the 
next and most important step is to read the Installation section of
your ChartDirector documentation. It will describe:

- how to use ChartDirector in your development system and/or web 
  server

- how to install and try the sample programs that comes with 
  ChartDirector

The sample programs are excellent tutorials and are very useful for 
exploring the features of ChartDirector. They are also useful for 
checking if ChartDirector works properly in your development system 
and/or web server. It is highly recommended that you try them. 
